## Long Quiz in Advanced Systems Integration & Architecture
1. Define Service Oriented Architecture(SOA). -a method of software development that uses software components called services to create business applications.
2. List and discuss the characteristics of SOA. -base on my research, the SOA or the service oriented architecture is an architectural style which aims to help organizations to design and build software that is flexible at the same time it is easy to maintain. SOA also has a bunch of characteristics and here are some. The first one is the Security, SOA emphasizes the implementation of the robust security which protects services and data especially this days security in data is really helpful. Next one is the Scalability, which talks about the SOA being allowed for scaling of individual services or components based on demand and with this it enhance the overall scalability.
3. Define Microservices. -an architectural and organizational approach to software development where software is composed of small independent services that communicate over well-defined APIs.
4. List and discuss the benefits of using Microservices. -base on my research about the microservices, microservices is a system design pattern that lets you split up a bunch of different services into a bunch of tiny micro services. An example of this is when u make your own application, every services that comes in and out of it is handle by only one server only which may cause sometimes overloading and this can make the application to crash but with microservices howeverit gives you an option of creating many server for every different services in your application. When it comes to using microservices, this helps the software engineering teams ship code much faster because they dont have to worry about the external dependencies because of microservices and then they can easily treat each services as its very own mini startup.
5. List and discuss the similarities and differences of SOA and Microservices. -based on my research, both of them allow the developers or development teams to build,deploy and manage modern application efficiently for cloud environments. The difference between them is that SOA is based on sharing components while microservices is based on the concept of bounded text.
6. Define Web Services. -A web service is a software system that supports interoperable machine-to-machine interaction over a network. It has an interface described in a machine-processable format (specifically, web Service Definition Language, or WSDL). web services fulfill a specific task or a set of tasks.
7. List and discuss the benefits of using Web Services.-there are some benefits when using web services and the first one is the "exposing the existing function on the network", it is said that web services can be called from far away just by using the HTTP which u can access the program throught internet anytime. Second is the "Interoperability" this one allows the applications to share their data to each other and also the services. The third one is the "Standardized Protocol" this third benefit is that the web services uses a standard protocol for the communication, an example of this is the 4 layer the service transport, xml messaging, service description and the service discovery layers were this 4 layer uses a standardized protocol. 
8. List and discuss the characteristics of Web Services. -this are some of the characteristics of web services, one of it is the "XML-Based", it is said the web services uses xml for the data representation and data transportation layers which when using xml it eliminates any networking operating system or platform binding, next one is "Loosely Coupled" it is said that the web services may change over time without compromising the user or the clients ability to interact with the servies which is that if one interface changes, the other must be updated too since its tied to one another. The last one is the "Supports Document Exchange" is is said the the xml has a key benefits or advantage which is its own generic way of representing not only the data itselft but also the complex documents.
9. List and discuss the distinct roles in Web Services Architecture. -Web services architecture has 3 disctinct roles, the first one is the "provider", this one it creates the web services and makes it available to any client applications who want to use it anytime. The next one is the "requestor" it is the clients application the needs to contact the  web services. The last one is the "broker", this one provides the access to the UDDI which it enables the client application to locate the web services.
10. List and discuss the Web Services Components. -there are three components of web services, the first one is the SOAP which is responsible for exchanging information between the computers, the next one is the WSDL this one responsible for describing the web services and on how to access them, the lat one is the "UDDI" which is i explain earlier at number 9, it is the one that is responsible for describing, publishing, and finding web services. 